So, we just rolled out support for the
remote Figma MCP server running in Warp.
Now, a remote MCP server lives elsewhere
and you can connect to it through warp.
This means you don't have to manage all
the processes yourself. All I have to do
is paste in this simple JSON and Warp
will open an OOTH login flow. So, just
loging in once with your Figma account
and that's it. This saves you setup
time, removes the hassle of managing
tokens, and makes it way easier for you
to get started. Now, the Figma and MCP
server lets AI coding tools pull context
directly from your Figma files so that
the LLM is less likely to hallucinate on
your project. So, it can get screenshots
for higher level context so the AI sees
relationships. Design system rules like
components, variables, and styles so
that generated code matches your design
system. getting encode, which will
return back the code from the Figma
file, and content metadata, which
includes text, images, and layer names
that help the AI fill in realistic data
models. Here, I'm pasting a prompt into
warp to create a website from this Figma
file. I'm adding basic guidelines around
what I want it to look like, like design
details, technical requirements, and
specific instructions. And to reference
the Figma file, I just have to
rightclick, copy, paste as, and then
click copy link to selection. and Warp
is able to call the Figma MCP server to
get things like metadata, take a
screenshot and pull code. It then starts
to generate a bunch of code diffs and in
under 5 minutes I can get this website
running locally. Obviously, it's not
perfect, but it does mimic the structure
of the Figma design quite well. It's
missing a lot of logos and images. So,
Warp has instructed me to download them
into the assets folder it's created for
me. So, I'll go do that and then I'll
start a second iteration telling it to
fill in the website with those images.
As this was running, I did want to call
out how cool Warp's persistent input
feature was. I forgot to upload the
Misho logo and noticed that Warp was
trying to create its own as a
placeholder. I quickly uploaded the
image to the asset folder and let Warp
know that and Warp was able to adjust to
find and use the uploaded logo in the
middle of its process. And here's the
finished result. Again, there's still a
lot of kinks that need to be ironed out,
but this is pretty good for under 20
minutes of work thanks to the Figma
remote MCP server. So, to recap, Warp
Now supports running the Figma MCP
server remotely, and we've added OOTH
support, which simplifies the setup
dramatically, meaning it's easier to set
up all of your favorite MCP servers like
Sentry, GitHub, and Linear, not just
Figma. Hope this helps.